[dramatic theme playing]
JAKE:
My generation--
we were born into war.
[indistinct chatter over comms]
Giant monsters attacked
our world.
[roars]
We called 'em Kaiju.
They came through the Breach.
A gateway to another dimension
at the bottom
of the Pacific Ocean.
They were sent by an alien race
on the other side--
the Precursors.
We fought back,
building our own monsters.
Jaegars-- giant robots.
So big they needed
two pilots to run 'em.
My father was one of them.
He sacrificed himself
to help save the world.
I... am not my father.
♪ Whoa
-♪ Ooh, yeah
-[whoops]
It's been ten years
since we won the war
and closed the Breach.
Most of the world's recovered.
But a few coastal cities
never did.
And the world is still
picking up the pieces.
♪ Wizzy boy, make me dance
♪ Daddy Yo
-♪ Make me dance.
-But some of us
live better in a broken world.
-♪
-[snoring]
And squatting in half a mansion
is better than paying
for some crappy apartment.
Now, in the relief zones,
you have to get creative.
You have to hustle.
Or somebody else
might eat your breakfast.
And your cookies.
[sniffs]
And your damn hot sauce.
You know, out here,
we place a different value
on things.
The Pan Pacific Defense Corps
usually looks the other way
as long as you don't go poking
around where you don't belong.
Say, like a...
decommissioned
Jaeger scrapyard.
Big risks mean big reward,
and nothing pays more
than stolen Jaeger tech.
Plenty of nutcases out here
trying to slap together
their own Jaegers.
[indistinct chatter on comms]
But they need
the parts to do it.
So, if you can steal
what no one else can steal...
...you can live like a king.
[scanner beeping]
Are you sure it's in here?
Power cores are stripped
before they get decommissioned.
But sometimes they miss
the tertiary plasma capacitors.
And that's a big score.
This one's still
holding a charge.
Oh.
You better hope so.
Okay.
Let's just calm down.
Let's not get excited.
I'm just playing the odds here.
You cheated Barada in Juarez,
skipped out on Chau
in Hong Kong.
Now, that was
a misunderstanding.
And stole from me...
in my own backyard.
Now I'm stealing for you.
Circle of life.
We good?
You deliver...
and yeah...
we're good.
Okay.
[air hisses]
Let's get rich.
Let's.
[chuckling]
FEMALE VOICE [distorted]:
Target lock.
Where is it?
FEMALE VOICE [distorted]:
Target lock.
Hey, man, uh,
just a little situation.
It says it's here.
It's supposed to be
right there,
but you know what,
let me just figure this out.
[both grunt]
-FEMALE VOICE: Target lock.
-[coughs]
Somebody please kill this guy
for me.
-[scanner beeps]
-FEMALE VOICE: Target moving.
-[gun cocks]
-No, no, no. It's here.
You wait, wait.
Someone else is in here.
Someone else has the capacitor.
Now, let's go. Come on.
Jake! Jake!
Hey, wait!
[grunts]
-[air hisses]
-Son of a...
Go, go, go!
Split up.
Go!
[scanner beeps]
-[shouts]
-Whoa!
Whoa! Whoa! Hey!
[shouting]
-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
[gunfire]
SONNY:
Come on! Jake!
HENCHMAN:
Hey, boss, he went over here!
SONNY:
Go, go, go!
HENCHMAN:
I see him. I see him.
This way.
[whistling]
[laughs]
Jake, Jake, Jake.
-Nice try.
-[gun cocks]
[grunts]
-[groaning]
-Yeah.
Jake!
-We're good.
-Jake!
[muffled]:
Jake, you son of a...
FEMALE VOICE:
Target lock.
-[gasps]
-Target lock.
Target lock.
Hey! Get back here with that!
[shouts]
[chuckles, gasps]
No, no!
[grunts]
[groans]
[engine starts, revs]
[siren chirping]
FEMALE VOICE:
Target moving.
[bird squawking]
[power pulsing]
[bottle clinking]
[grunts softly]
[dog barking in distance]
[device powering up]
[lines crackling]
♪
[grunting]
[laughs]
How old are you?
Old enough to kick your ass.
Ah-ah-ah-ah.
Let's take a second.
Back up.
You build this thing yourself?
What do you think?
I think I can sell
your little toy
-for a whole lot of money.
-Scrapper's not a toy
and she's not for sale.
The man holding the pipe
says she is.
So listen up...
[siren chirping]
You led them here?
That's impossible.
-[grunts]
-Hey!
Ah, what the hell, man?
[grunts]
[siren chirping]
[groans]
[alarm buzzing]
Come on, come on, come on.
Yes.
It works!
Okay.
[beeping]
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey!
Get out.
What are you doing?
-No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Stop! -Where is it?
Hey! Don't touch that. Hey.
What are you doing?!
-Stop!
-Where's the other one?
-The other what?
-The other cradle.
A Jaeger needs two pilots.
Scrapper is small enough to run
on a single neural lobe.
All right, then you get out,
you let me pilot.
Get out!
Screw that.
♪
Told you she's not a toy.
You're gonna get us killed.
I can get us out of here.
I just got us out.
[gasps]
Oh, my God.
That's November Ajax.
MALE VOICE [over speakers]:
Pilots of unregistered Jaeger,
this is the
Pan Pacific Defense Corps.
Power down
and exit your Conn-Pod.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't-don't-don't give up.
You give up way too easy.
That's what they think.
[grunts]
[over speakers]:
Stop!
You are in violation
of Code Ten,
Section 14.
Operation of
an unregistered Jaeger.
-Hang on.
-I am hanging on!
Hang tighter.
[grunts]
[over speakers]:
Seriously?
Stop.
[grunts]
See?
I just out-piloted
November Ajax.
No, you didn't.
Did.
Didn't.
Okay. What do you got?
And I'm not getting out.
-One of those ion cells
redundant? -No!
-They are now.
-But we need them.
-Get up to Ajax's head.
-What?
-Go!
-[huffs]
♪
Power down.
[voice looping]
FEMALE VOICE:
Low power warning. 12%.
I told you we needed that!
It worked, didn't it?
FEMALE VOICE:
11%.
How long before Ajax
can reboot his systems?
[both grunt]
-About that long.
-[alarm buzzing]
[grunts]
[over speakers]:
Power down.
This is your final warning.
[high-pitched whining]
All right, let's go.
[coughs]
[grunts]
Look what you did to my Jaeger,
you jerk!
[heavy door closes]
[keys jingle]
[lock buzzes in distance]
[heavy door closes]
Should have let me pilot.
Oh, like this is my fault.
-You compromised
my command center. -Wow.
Your command center?
-Yes. My command center.
-Wait. Sorry, sorry.
-I didn't hear that.
Your command center? -Yes!
-Wait, that sorry excuse for
a command... -And you had no
place to come in
and try to tell me what to do.
I go where I want.
It's a different world, right?
'Cause it really worked out
well, right? Look where
-we're at, right? -Your top lip
and your bottom lip,
they need to meet
and become friends.
Smart. That's a good one.
Need to close up,
all right? Shut up.
-Shut up.
-Yeah, I can.
-Conversation done.
-Good.
Junkyard baby.
[keys jingle,
door opens in distance]
-[helicopter whirring outside]
-Why did you build it?
What happened
to the shutting up?
You said you wasn't
gonna sell it,
so what the hell
was you gonna do?
Rob a bank or something?
I built her because one day
they're gonna come back.
The Kaiju.
And when they do,
I'm not gonna be stuck waiting
for someone else
to come save my ass.
Not like before.
[footfalls approaching]
[door unlocks]
You. Let's go.
I don't really want to talk
about it. It's ridiculous.
That's just, like,
my right or...
[indistinct radio chatter]
[shouting]
[device beeps]
Hello, Jake.
Here we are again.
It's just a stretch of
bad luck. I'll figure it out.
Father used to say
we make our own luck.
Yeah, well,
Dad said a lot of things.
You were arrested
in a rogue Jaeger.
Hold on a second.
That wasn't my Jaeger.
There's this little kid,
she's about this tall...
You have priors.
This is serious.
Okay.
That's why I need my big sis
to help me get the hell
out of here.
Just one last time.
They're not going
to let you just walk.
-But there might be
another way. -Okay.
See, that's what I want
to hear.
That's what I'm here
to talk about, the other way.
Lay it on me.
What do I got to do?
Reenlist and finish
what you started.
I'm not doing that.
I'm-- look, I'm-I'm too old
to be a cadet.
I don't want you to be a cadet.
I want you to help train them.
Train who? Train what?
I'm not training no damn kids.
The transport is standing by
to bring both of you
to Moyulan.
Both of us?
You and your new recruit.
Mako.
I can't believe
she just hologrammed me.
JAKE: Yeah, look,
I didn't have a choice.
AMARA:
I know, I get it, but why me?
Why do they want me
for the program?
You built and piloted
your own Jaeger.
These people like
that kind of stuff.
Okay, so then why
am I just a cadet
and you get to be a ranger?
[rumbling]
Valor Omega.
Oh, my God.
That, that is Valor Omega.
Scrapper.
-Hey!
-[indistinct shouting]
You got to be kidding me.
I didn't believe it
when they told me
you were inbound.
How you doing, Nate?
It's Ranger Lambert.
Are you having a laugh?
Well, this is a military base.
You remember how that works,
Ranger Pentecost.
You must be Amara Namani.
Yes, sir.
Ranger, sir.
Well, let's get you
squared away.
Oh, and, uh,
try not to steal anything
while you're here.
Did that haircut
just call you Pentecost?
As in badass Stacker Pentecost?
Pilot of Coyote Tango, hero
of basically the whole world?
It's just a name.
Yeah, a really cool name.
LAMBERT:
Sim training starts at 0600.
You're late, you miss the day.
You fall behind,
you'll be on the next transport
back to wherever
they found you.
That's Titan Redeemer.
And Bracer Phoenix.
She's a three-man rig.
Saber Athena.
I love Saber Athena.
She's the fastest Jaeger
in the fleet.
Did you know that?
FEMALE VOICE:
Warning: stand clear of lift.
Okay, so which one's yours?
Gipsy.
-You pilot Gipsy Avenger?
-He used to
until his copilot got a better
offer in the private sector.
Jules Reyes, J-Tech.
Amara, cadet.
Jake.
Ranger, apparently.
Heard a lot about you,
Pentecost.
Yeah?
You know you still hold
the record?
-What record?
-Shut up.
JULES:
So how did they lure you back?
I mean, it couldn't have been
the pay, so...
Oh, yeah, it's a long story,
but if you,
if you want to talk about it,
we can meet up...
-She's busy. -[man speaking
indistinctly over P.A.]
Ranger.
[buzzer sounds]
Eyes front, Pentecost.
[man speaking indistinctly
over P.A.]
-[grunting]
-[music playing]
Oh! Come on, Renata,
not the face!
-Sorry, man. Ooh!
-Oh!
Ah!
And raise you two shower chits.
Fold, Ilya.
You need all the showers
you can get, man.
I have a musk!
What you smell is musk.
Ranger on deck!
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Audio system deactivated.
[music stops]
Cadets.
This is Amara Namani.
She'll be joining you in
sim training bright and early.
And this is Ranger Pentecost.
He will be helping me
instruct you
until I can find a new copilot
to replace Ranger Burke.
Anything you'd like to add?
Nothing you want to hear.
Malikova, get Namani squared
away and prepped for training.
Yes, sir!
As you were.
Pentecost.
We're gonna be trained
by a Pentecost!
So? Not like he was the one who
died helping close the Breach.
-He's never even been
in combat. -[music playing]
SURESH:
Renata, let's go for round two.
RENATA:
Yo, Ilya, you see this? Ah!
Uh, hey.
So, where should I...?
Heard you built
your own little Jaeger.
Yeah, actually.
Uh, Scrapper.
I operated her, too,
with this solo bay...
You want to put junk together,
be a mechanic.
Moyulan is for pilots.
Hey, come on. I got ya.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
-Um...
-Jinhai.
Ou-yang Jinhai.
So, you and Vik
already buddies, huh?
-Vik? -SURESH: It's short
for Viktoriya.
But you don't want
to call her that.
Yeah, what's her problem?
-Took her three shots to pass
the entrance test. -Yeah.
Don't think she likes
how you landed here.
Yeah, well, it's not my fault.
Recruiters never
come around back home.
-Hey, know any Russian?
-No.
I'll teach you some.
Calms her down.
Come on.
Let's get you squared away.
[woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.]
[door chimes]
♪
[roaring]
Aah! [panting]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Hemispheres out of alignment.
-Warning.
-We need to reconnect!
I know! I'm trying!
-[Kaiju roaring]
-[Amara screams]
[electricity powers down]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
MAGLEV deactivated.
AMARA:
[sighs] I just can't get this.
SURESH:
That sucked.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Drift simulation terminated.
-[beeping] -LAMBERT: You know,
when I heard
you gave November Ajax
a run for his money,
I thought we might have
something here.
-Now I'm not so sure.
-[Vik chuckles]
How am I supposed to drift
in this thing?
It smells like feet.
I didn't ask for
your excuses, Cadet.
You putting her
up against Kaiju
that almost killed veteran
pilots doesn't make any sense.
Well, maybe she's not the only
one that doesn't belong here.
Wow. See, Nate, I know
you have a problem with me.
But come on.
She's just a kid.
So were we.
That's the point.
You make stronger connections
when you're young.
And that kind of bond makes
for a better drift pilot.
Yeah. I remember the pitch.
Thanks.
Ryoichi, Renata, you're up.
Show our new recruit
how it's done.
[jet engine whooshing]
["Better Man"
by Leon Bridges playing]
♪ I just wanna be
a better man ♪
-Oh.
-♪ To my baby
♪ Mm, mm...
What the hell are you wearing?
Jules loves it.
Yeah, she told me
it's nice to finally have
someone with style around here.
Can't blame the girl.
-I'm sexy.
-Mm. Yeah.
-Want a drink?
-[sighs] Sure.
Thanks.
Ice cream's up top.
Yes. Yes.
So, one more time around, huh?
Prove your old man wrong?
Nah, I just came back to see
if your chin implant
ever settled in.
-Well, I think it's settled in
quite nicely. -Yeah.
It's very commanding.
Kids must love it.
Jake, these kids,
they look up to us.
Mm-hmm.
We got to show them
that we can work together.
Well, the war ended
ten years ago, man.
You just need to let that go.
Just... woosah.
Y-You have to understand
your enemy's ob...
-You have...
-[whipped cream sprays]
-Sorry, mate.
You have to understand
your enemy's objective
to know you've defeated 'em.
-We still don't.
-No.
I can help you out with that.
See, I'm thinking it has
something to do with them
sending giant monsters
to kick the crap out of us.
No, no, no.
The Precursors wouldn't send
Kaiju to flatten a few cities
if they were trying
to wipe us all out.
All right, look, Nate, I don't
have a problem with you, man.
But I had to make a choice.
It was between
your pretty face and prison.
I chose your pretty face.
Oh, well, I'm touched.
And how many damn toppings
do you need?
Leave my toppings be, man.
Don't mess with
my damn toppings.
So the cadets got, like, what,
couple of months
before they graduate?
-Six.
-Okay. I'll tell you what.
Every time you want to say
something soldiery to 'em,
I'll just nod, or like,
"Yep, what he said."
And then, before you know it,
they get to be pilots.
-And I get to get back
to my life. -Great.
Boom.
It may happen
sooner than you think.
How so?
Big dog and pony show tomorrow.
Shao and her team
are presenting
this new drone program
they have.
Could make us all obsolete.
Sounds like my
"get out of jail free" card.
You know, you can front
all you want,
but you and I both know
you could've been great.
[engine rumbling]
Sorry. [chuckles]
She doesn't do
the whole hand shaking thing.
Dr. Newton Geiszler,
head of research
and development
for Shao Industries.
That's a nice firm,
firm grip you got there, uh...
That's a much better
look on you.
Guess it's better than
prison stripes. Barely.
[chuckles]
I-I'm sorry, is this him?
It-It's got to be him, right?
You're Stacker's kid.
Hey, uh, I'm Newt.
I was, uh, I was a big fan
of your father's.
Amazing speech writer,
by the way.
Did you ever hear his one where
he canceled the apocalypse?
-Newton.
-Hermann.
I was hoping you'd be
tagging along.
I could use your help on
an experiment I'm working on.
Now, this will
only take a moment.
-I know how busy you are.
-Yeah.
Don't want to impose,
but, uh...
Aw, come on,
you can't impose on me.
I mean, we've been inside
each other's heads, right?
We've saved the world.
We've drifted with a Kaiju!
You know, if we hadn't
yanked that intel
out of that Kaiju's brain,
Raleigh would've never
been able to close the Breach.
Now, that was you
and that was me.
Technically more me,
but any chance we could
make this quick or...?
-Um, deployment.
-Huh?
Of Jaegers.
Deploying them into battle,
it takes, takes too much time.
The amount of damage
a Kaiju can inflict
before they've ev...
Ah, here.
I think I've found a solution.
Hermann, you know I can
never read your, uh...
Uh, rocket thrusters, huh?
Yeah. No.
No. There's no fuel
in the world
with that kind of
boost-to-mass ratio. [chuckles]
From this world.
No.
I-Is that Kaiju blood?
Exactly.
I've discovered Kaiju blood
is highly reactive
when it's combined
with rare earth elements--
cerium, lanthanum, gadolinium.
I realize that, pal. Okay.
Y-You can't be fooling around
with this stuff.
You're gonna blow yourself up.
Uh...
Now, no one knows more about
Kaiju morphology than you.
-Okay. -And if you could
just take a look, please.
No, Hermann, I got to stop you.
Look, none of this matters.
Once my boss' drones
are approved,
deployment time,
that's gonna be a non-issue.
Within a year, buddy, we're
gonna have drones everywhere.
So you won't help me?
Look, why don't we talk about
it over dinner at my place?
Okay? You can
finally meet Alice.
I don't need
a hot meal, Newton.
What I need is a solution
to a very specific problem.
-Hey.
-[watch beeps]
Ah, that's me, bud.
I'm sorry. Duty calls.
It's been nice catching up.
Newton.
I, um...
I still get nightmares
about what we saw
when we drifted with
that disgusting Kaiju brain.
Yeah.
But... it was a hell
of a rush, wasn't it?
Oh, uh...
I-I know, I'm terrible.
Uh, yes, we shared
a lab together.
Oh, some crazy idea
he had about
thruster pods
on a, on a Jaeger.
Oh. Well, [chuckles] the man's
completely harmless. Uh...
-[speaks Mandarin]
-Uh, okay.
Could you say that again,
and this time about 80% slower?
I said don't make me question
your loyalty. Understand?
Ay. [chuckles]
What's to question?
I... look, I barely
talk to the guy anyway.
LIWEN:
My drones are the next step
in Jaeger evolution.
The system I designed
processes commands
through a quantum data core.
This means that a single pilot
can operate the drone remotely
from anywhere in the world.
As soon as the council
approves deployment,
based on Secretary General
Mori's final report,
the days of struggling
to find and train
drift compatible pilots
will be a thing of the past.
And you think a bunch of desk
jockeys are better than us?
We are not here
to shut you down.
Cooperation between
our programs
has never been more vital.
If there are any questions.
-Yeah, I got a question
right over here! -[clamoring]
We are pilots,
not a bunch of office workers!
And now we're shouting.
There's no need to shout.
[clamoring continues]
JAKE:
Well, that was slick.
So, how long until all this is
shut down so I can go home?
I don't trust the tech.
Not yet, at least.
Well, it looks
pretty good to me.
Remote systems can be
hacked or compromised.
No, you've got
the key vote, right?
So there you go.
It's your decision.
I wish I could just
go ahead and approve them.
Nearly half the council
is backing Liwen.
They aren't going to like
my decision.
Who cares what they like
and what they don't like?
I'll tell you what,
I'm gonna go with you.
For moral support.
Plus, I want to get
out of this place.
I'm glad you offered,
because I already requested
Gipsy Avenger as honor guard
at the Council Summit.
Look, you know
Gipsy's Nate's ride.
His copilot works for
Liwen now. He needs a new one.
One that you already know
is drift compatible.
All right.
I'll do it.
I got your back.
But I want to be there
when you tell Nate,
'cause I just want
to see his face.
He's gonna be so pissed.
He's just gonna
stand there like,
"Yeah, I don't think
you belong in a Jaeger, Jake.
Get out of my Jaeger.
I'm handsome and sexy."
[Mako chuckles]
He is handsome.
He is sexy.
Thank you, Jake.
[buzzer sounding in distance]
[sparks crackling]
♪
FEMALE NEWS ANCHOR:
Welcome back. Lots of sunshine
today to kick off our weekend.
The city...
OVERTON:
Good afternoon, everyone.
Peter Overton broadcasting
from the Nine Studios
in Sydney with the latest...
FEMALE REPORTER:
So far, police say
at least 49 officers injured.
MALE REPORTER:
Kaiju
worshippers in black masks
throwing bottles and rocks.
PPDC security in riot gear
are attempting
to regain control...
♪
[over radio]: Gipsy Avenger,
this is Marshal Quan.
All you have to do is stand
there and look pretty.
Stay focused,
try not to fall over.
Roger that, sir.
QUAN:
Go for drop.
In three, two, one.
Drop!
[grunting]
[screams echoing]
Jake!
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Drift alignment unstable.
Relax.
It's coming back to me.
-You sure?
-Ion cells activated.
And hey... We're in each
other's heads, remember?
So I'd appreciate it if you'd
stop thinking about Jules.
Not gonna happen.
How about you stop thinking
about kicking my ass?
Not gonna happen either.
[Lambert scoffs]
Gonna be a long day.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Incoming transport.
[indistinct chatter]
[shouting, chanting]
[seagulls squawking loudly]
-AUTOMATED VOICE: Warning.
-LAMBERT: Gipsy to Command.
You reading this?
[screaming]
Gipsy, this is Command.
Be advised,
we have a rogue Jaeger.
[screaming]
LAMBERT [over loudspeaker]:
Pilots of unregistered Jaeger,
power down and exit
your Conn-Pod immediately.
I repeat:
power down and exit
your Conn-Pods now.
Missiles fired!
[indistinct shouting
over radio]
[gasps]
[Jake grunts]
[shouting in Mandarin]
[people screaming]
-[grunts]
-AUTOMATED VOICE: Low power.
-Warning.
-We're losing power!
Jake! That Jaeger's
power reading is the same...
[high-pitched whirring]
It's jamming our comms!
-Nate!
-Power's up!
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
Ah!
[shouts]
[grunts]
Oh, shit.
-[grunts]
-[man screams]
[man screams]
[grunts]
-What do we do?
-Follow my lead!
[screaming]
Mako's hit!
[alarm blaring]
She's going down!
We've gotta move!
Activating gravity sling!
PILOT:
Mayday! Mayday! Mayday!
This is Mike, Mike, Charlie,
zero, five, two!
We have been hit
and we are going down!
-And we are going down!
-AUTOMATED VOICE: Sending.
[echoing shout]
[helicopter blades whirring]
[panting]
[Jaeger powering down]
-Mako!
-LAMBERT: Jake!
Wait!
[grunts]
[thudding Jaeger footsteps
in distance]
♪
[alarm buzzing]
[Amara groans in frustration]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Drift alignment failing.
Come on, Sarah!
-Do something...
-Drift alignment failing.
...you stupid brain thing!
[sighs]
-Hey.
So, I'm not really good
at emotional stuff, but...
I really am sorry
about your sister.
Half sister? I...
Yeah, her family died
during the Onibaba attack.
My dad took her in.
And she was my sister.
My family.
Why are you out of uniform?
[sighs]
Just had a lot on my mind
after Sydney.
Guess I just wanted
to be comfortable.
Well, don't let Ranger Lambert
see you in that.
He might take the stick out of
his butt and beat you with it.
I think I'm safe.
It's wedged in there
pretty tight.
[both chuckle]
So they're still using Sarah.
Yeah.
And I can't drift with her
for some reason.
All the other cadets
have been training for years
and I just...
I hate feeling
like the slow kid.
You gotta relax.
Or you're just grinding gears.
-I'll help you out.
-Got it, coach.
-Don't call me coach.
-All right, sensei.
Concentrate.
You have to make
a good connection.
You can't do that
if you're yappin' your gums.
You ready?
Ready.
All right.
Let's see if
we're drift compatible.
-[echoing giggles]
-MAN: Get him!
[echoing laughter]
[cadets singing]
-[grunting]
-Shoot! Come on!
-[panting] -AUTOMATED VOICE:
Neural load exceeding limit.
Stay focused, Amara.
Remember,
the stronger your connection,
the better you fight.
That's it.
[echoing scream]
MAN: Amara! Come on, jump!
Jump to me, baby!
You have to, Amara, come on!
-Jump!
-JAKE: Amara!
Don't hang on to the memory.
Just let it flow
right through you.
MAN: Amara!
Amara! Jump in there!
Yeah, come on.
Get together. Ready?
One, two, cheese!
-[shutter clicks]
-Got it.
Want to see?
Wait a sec.
[echoing]:
Amara.
Amara, you need to let it go.
Amara!
Look, just listen to my voice!
[growling]
[roaring]
[screaming]
-[echoing]: Amara!
-Daddy!
Daddy!
-[Kaiju roaring]
-Amara! Come on, jump!
[echoing]: Amara!
We need to break the drift!
Jump to me! Come on!
I'm scared!
Baby, I will catch you,
I promise. Come on!
-[echoing]: Amara!
-WOMAN: Amara, come on!
Jump!
[echoing, overlapping voices]
JAKE:
Amara!
[panting]:
Take it off!
-[crying]
-[panting]
JAKE:
Hey.
Are you okay?
I was there.
[sniffles]
I felt it.
JAKE:
Yeah.
I felt it, too.
LAMBERT [over radio]:
Jake, it's me.
You there?
Yeah, I'm here.
Meet me in the lab right away.
Marshal wants to see us.
All right.
I'm on my way.
You okay?
[sniffles, sighs]
-What is it?
-A message. From Mako.
GOTTLIEB: She was trying
to send it from her copter
right before it went down.
It's a data package.
High density.
Obsidian Fury
was jamming comms.
How could her signal
get through?
QUAN:
It didn't.
-At least not intact.
-So it's gone?
GOTTLIEB: Well, "gone" is
relative in the digital realm.
By running a modified
fractal algorithm,
I might be able to reconstruct
a few megabytes.
There.
Is that a Kaiju?
I'm checking against
PPDC Kaiju archives.
[computer buzzes loudly]
No match against the database.
Keep looking.
Whatever this is,
it was important to her.
I want to know why.
And I want to know who was
piloting that rogue Jaeger.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
[chuckles]
Sorry I'm, uh, I-I'm late.
I-I thought you were
still in Sydney.
Oh.
Uh...
that's great.
Thought you'd be a little
more enthusiastic, Doc.
Yeah, no, I'm-I'm pumped.
This is great.
Uh, it's just
the timing of everything,
with the attack and all,
-feels a little...
-I was there.
I know what happened.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Neural connection terminated.
Yeah.
Uh, I guess they do.
If you look at it sideways
and you squint,
then maybe you could say that.
Uh, I'm sorry, what are you...
what... what's going on here?
[inhales]
48 is a...
Get it done.
Okay.
Yeah.
Not a problem.
That-That'll be fine.
Y-You don't think
there's a way?
All right, well,
then you're fired.
Okay? How about that?
Or maybe you're promoted.
I don't know.
We'll see how it goes.
Just get it done!
[frustrated groan]
Give me this.
[sighs]
-["I Want to Know What Love Is"
plays loudly] -Hey, honey!
I'm home!
Sorry I'm late.
[groans] God, things were...
things were crazy today,
with what happened in Sydney.
[volume lowers]: ♪ This
mountain I must climb... ♪
All those people--
it was, uh, not pretty.
My boss almost got killed.
That could've been bad.
Maybe.
I guess, I don't know.
That would've been great,
actually,
that one is all over me.
I mean, I can't get
a break from her!
I'm ranting.
Enough about work.
And enough about her, really,
I should be focused on you.
How about we have
a little fun in the bedroom?
How was your day?
[burbling]
Oh. That's great.
Yeah, that's, uh,
that's exciting.
-[burbling]
-What's that?
A little pick-me-up?
[chuckles]
Well... [exhales]
...what can I say?
You read my mind.
-♪ I want to know
what love is ♪ -[snorts]
-♪ Oh, oh
-[groans with pleasure]
-♪ I want you to show me.
-[echoing heartbeat]
REPORTER:
Hundreds of police officers...
They're calling it
Obsidian Fury.
There's never been a rogue
like this.
MEILIN:
News feed said
they were posting a dozen
Jaegers at the memorial.
When I die, I want that many
to send me off.
Your pop's gonna make you work
with boobs when you wash out.
Jaegers do not show up
when the boob guy dies.
Wait, your dad
works with boobs?
He's a plastic surgeon.
He doesn't just work with...
I'm not gonna wash out.
I'm gonna be a pilot.
Still. You die,
meh, I post one Jaeger
at your funeral.
[laughs]
-Maybe half a Jaeger.
-[chuckles]
I heard that's where
they found Amara.
In half a Jaeger.
It was a whole Jaeger.
It just wasn't very big,
Viktoriya.
Bigger is better.
[scoffs]
What did you say?
Am I saying that right?
Yep.
-Ah!
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
-Guys.
I worked every day of my life
to be here.
You didn't do anything.
You were just picked up
off the street like garbage!
-[grunting]
-Guys, come on!
Hey, hey.
-Hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
-You know where I learned that?
On the streets,
you big, dumb...
Ranger on deck!
-[coughs]
-She jumped me!
She doesn't belong here!
I don't care!
You know, when I first joined
the Corps, I was just like you.
Worse. I was nobody.
But that woman
we laid to rest today,
Mako Mori, she said,
"Whoever you are,
"the minute you enter this
program, you join a family.
"And no matter what they do,
no matter how stupid
they may act sometimes..."
"...you forgive 'em
and you move on."
So you start believing that.
In here.
And you'll start believing
in a Jaeger.
JULES:
Hey.
Marshal's looking for you guys.
Says Gottlieb found something.
It isn't something.
It's somewhere.
Severnaya Zemlya.
Off Siberia's Taymyr Peninsula.
What's in Zemlya?
GOTTLIEB:
Well, nothing anymore.
A facility roughly
in this location
was used to manufacture Jaeger
power cores earlier in the war.
-But it was decommissioned
years ago. -Why would
Mako be trying to tell us
about an abandoned factory
in the middle of nowhere?
Sir, permission
to take Gipsy Avenger
to see what the hell's
out there.
[footfalls pounding]
FEMALE VOICE:
Scanning.
[sighs] Looks like
Mako's message was a dead end.
This place is abandoned.
No, no, wait a second.
I'm getting
some weird readings.
-[alarm blaring]
-Incoming!
-Take out his legs!
-[shouts]
♪
-[alarm blaring]
-We got to get out of here!
♪
[grunts]
Plasma cannon!
-Think we pissed him off.
-Good.
You remember our old move?
Hell yeah.
He looks hurt!
Go for his power core!
Ah!
[groaning]
[shouts]
FEMALE VOICE:
Warning.
[shouts]
[robotic groaning]
[over speakers]:
Pilots of Obsidian Fury,
get the hell out
of your Conn-Pod!
What the hell is that?
It's definitely Kaiju.
A secondary brain used to
control the hindquarters.
How'd they get into our world?
There hasn't been a breach
in ten years.
Sensors would've picked it up.
I don't think
there was a breach.
Kaiju flesh...
has a distinct radioactive
half-life signature.
Particular to the Anteverse.
This specimen does not.
Wait, so, you're-you're saying
that it's from our universe?
The genetic fingerprints
indicate distinctly terrestrial
modification techniques,
probably engineered
from Kaiju flesh left over
from the war.
Precursors didn't do this.
Humans did.
SURESH:
Oh, my God.
That hunk of slimy crap
was piloting Obsidian Fury?
AMARA:
We got to get a look inside.
Inside?
That thing's part Kaiju.
Come on, guys. When are we
ever gonna get a chance
to see something
like this again?
Never.
Never would be good.
You guys can stay here.
I'm going.
No, Amar... Amara.
Guys, guys,
we should not be in here.
[liquid dripping]
Whoa.
It's fused all the way
through the system.
Like... muscle tissue.
JINHAI: That's how it was able
to move like it did.
-Cool.
-Yeah, cool.
Working with boobs is sounding
better and better.
Shine your light over here.
SURESH: Oh, yeah, let's just
go yank on the guts
of the weird-ass Kaiju killbot.
What is it?
-I think it's some sort of...
-[sizzles]
-[screams]
-Jinhai!
I told you
not to yank on those.
Go get help! Go!
SURESH:
Man, we are so screwed!
[muffled]: This goes way past
what she did.
QUAN:
The decision has been made.
Security will take it
from here.
We're done!
[lock beeps]
Is Jinhai okay?
He's got some scarring,
but yeah, he'll live.
Marshal put him on probation.
Meilin and Suresh, too.
They blink wrong,
all of 'em are out.
No, it's not their fault.
-I talked them into it.
-I'm sorry, I tried to talk
to the marshal, but...
you're dismissed
from the program.
Never belonged here anyway.
Really?
You know, I used to say
the same thing a long time ago.
But I actually didn't
want to be here.
Still don't.
Why'd you sign up?
We were at war.
And my dad
was leading the charge
and I thought...
maybe I could see more of him.
Maybe even drift with him.
Well, one night,
me and Nate got into it.
It was over something stupid.
I can't even remember what.
So I climbed in an old Mark 4
just to show him I didn't
need him to be a great pilot.
That's pretty dumb.
-Yeah.
-How far'd you get?
-About seven steps, well, take
or leave. -How far did you get?
About two steps, then
I blacked out from the strain.
And the first thing I saw
when I woke up was my dad,
just standing right
in front of me, looking stern.
Wh-What'd he say?
He said I was
out of the program.
He said I didn't deserve
to be in a Jaeger.
Look, he said a lot of things.
A year later, my dad was gone.
And I didn't get a chance
to prove him wrong.
More importantly, I didn't get
a chance to prove it to myself.
You listen to me.
Don't let what other people
think of you
define who you are.
You won't like
where that takes you.
Do you understand?
And keep your head up.
And you might just be
as good-looking as me
in this type of situation.
-[scoffs, laughs]
-Seriously.
This face is, is set up well.
Beauty is a burden.
[chuckles]
You'll be all right.
Shao Industries.
What?
Obsidian Fury has tech in it
made by Shao Industries.
That's impossible.
Jules and her team
scanned every centimeter
of that Jaeger.
Insulating metamaterials
wound counterclockwise
in the shunt cabling.
Shao's the only company
that winds them that way.
Amara, are you sure about what
you're telling me right now?
Yes.
Yeah.
I stole a ton to make Scrapper.
I thought
it might be important.
Yeah.
-[lock beeps]
-Thank you.
GOTTLIEB:
Shao Industries?
They don't even have
a bio division.
Yeah, not that we know of.
Cabling could have been stolen,
just like in Amara's Jaeger.
We're gonna need more than that
to connect Fury to Shao.
What about Newt?
He'd have access
to the internal records,
-the shipping manifests...
-JAKE: All right.
Go see him.
Keep a low profile.
I have a mission?
Finally.
We'll take what we know
to the marshal.
[announcement over speakers
in Mandarin]
This isn't fair.
I'm sorry.
You don't deserve this.
It was my fault.
This is on me.
Amara.
The next Jaeger you build...
make it a big one.
[helicopter blades whirring]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
System online.
And we have delivery
at 100%, people.
-System online.
-A hundred percent!
That's the way
that it's done, okay?
-I told you we could do it,
and we did it! -[beeping]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Malfunction.
I'm losing uplink to drone 375!
-Why?
-Malfunction.
-[Burke grunting]
-Why? Figure out why!
QUAN: We'll take what we know
to the council in person.
Prep a transport.
Give me a second.
[electricity crackling]
-Get to Gipsy! Go!
-[alarm wailing]
[drone roaring]
[over P.A.]:
All pilots,
man your Jaegers
and engage hostiles!
[drone squeals]
Okay, you got this.
You cool?
Yeah, super cool.
Just, uh, just stay calm.
I-I know. I'm heading up!
I'm heading right...
Hermann.
Uh, what are you doing here?
How'd you get in here?
I do have PPDC credentials,
and besides,
everyone else seems
a little bit preoccupied
with the killer drones
your boss just set off!
[grunts]
-[amplified panting]
-[muffled shouting, screaming]
-She used you.
-No.
-She lured you with money
and a fancy title. -No. No way.
And while you were
basking in the glow,
she took your research
and she twisted it.
Help me stop her, Newton.
Help me save the world
like old times.
All right, technically, uh,
you were helping me last time.
-Let's get that straight.
-Fine.
Help me help you
save the world.
What do you say?
Well, I say, um, I say...
Don't shoot!
Uh... [speaks Mandarin]
Goddamn it!
Why can't I get this language?
-What's happening?!
-Amara! Are those Jaegers?
No, they're drones
from Shao Industries.
What are they doing?
I don't know.
They just went crazy.
Hey! Clear the deck now!
Get back to your quarters
right now!
-Yes, sir! Go, go, go!
-Go! Go!
Go! Get the hell out of here!
Come on!
-[screams]
-Come on.
Come on, come on.
Get up.
[alarm wailing]
Really? Now?
["The Girl from Ipanema"
playing over elevator speakers]
[Gottlieb coughing]
[coughing loudly]
Hermann! A little help!
-[elevator bell dings]
-Next time, why don't you learn
how to use a gun!
Take that!
-Vile, vile individual!
-[Newt laughs]
[panting]
-Thank you, Newton.
-Yeah.
I'd hug you if I didn't
have a rule about
-public displays of affection.
-It's fine.
-Oh, to hell with it.
-Okay. All right.
If you're done groping me,
let's take care
of the drones, right?
-Mm.
-Okay.
[alarm beeping]
[woman screams]
Everyone, get out of the lab
or I will shoot you!
I will shoot you twice!
You're officially fired.
Get out.
What do we do?
How do we stop this?
-There's a back door, Hermann.
-To what?
To the drone subroutine.
I added a subroutine just
in case I want to get in here
-and poke around down the road.
-Oh, sneaky bastard.
-[laughs] I know, right?
-[computer whirring]
[alarm beeping]
What did you just do?
What I've been planning
the last ten years.
I'm ending the world.
♪
-[panicked shouting]
-[alarm beeping]
[over P.A.]:
All pilots, breaches detected.
Drones in the field
are opening multiple breaches
across the Pacific Rim.
[Quan yelling]
Why?
Why would you do this?
Why would I do this? Mm.
Well, I guess I wouldn't.
Well, not normally,
not really my style.
Yeah, no, I don't know, maybe
I hate you all for treating me
like an insignificant
little joke of a man.
Maybe that's why he did it,
Hermann-- I did it.
Uh, see. [chuckles]
There you go.
There's the problem.
I'm just not feeling
totally myself these days.
You.
-[beep]
-[electrical whirring]
Precursors.
Very good, Hermann,
you figured it out.
And as usual, a step behind.
Newton. You are a good man.
-No. Uh, Hermann.
-You must stop.
No, there's no point
in fighting them.
-You must fight back. -I'm not
strong enough, Hermann.
-Please, Newton. You must!
-I am not strong enough.
[distorted]:
He is not strong enough!
None of you are strong enough!
[normal voice]:
I'm sorry, Hermann.
They're in my head.
Oh, hey, boss.
[panicked shouting]
[drone roars]
MAN: Go, go, go, go,
go, go, go, go, go!
What the hell
are you doing here?
-I told you to get to quarters!
-All the doors are blocked!
What do we do?!
I mean, 38% of your company
is fully automated.
It really wasn't very hard to
reallocate a little over here
and a little over there,
and slip in a little Kaiju
surprise without you noticing.
[distorted]:
-Stop! Wait, wait, wait!
-[gunshot]
Newt's not in control
of himself!
It isn't him!
It's the Precursors.
They must have infected
his mind
when we drifted with the Kaiju.
Shut up!
You stay here. We're gonna
try and get to Gipsy.
You ready for this?
-No. You?
-No.
-On three.
-Great.
One, two...
GOTTLIEB [over radio]:
Hello? Anyone there?
Gottlieb?
Jake! Thank God.
We're under attack!
You need to force Liwen
-to shut down the drones!
-It isn't her.
It isn't Liwen.
It-it was Newt.
The Precursors,
they've infected him.
They're controlling his mind.
Gottlieb, can you get him
to disable the drones?
No. He got away.
[tires screeching]
Gottlieb, shut 'em down.
It-It's trying to lock you out.
Feedback loop.
♪
[roaring]
JAKE: Gottlieb,
what the hell is going on?
-Gottlieb!
-[Amara gasps]
[roars]
Gottlieb, shut 'em down
or we're gonna die!
[roaring]
Shut 'em down!
-[drone roaring]
-[electrical whirring]
Yes!
[Kaiju growling]
[roaring]
Liwen has disabled the drones.
The breaches are closed.
I repeat,
the breaches are closed.
[alarm beeping]
Oh, no.
"Oh, no" what?
Three Kaiju
have gotten through.
South Korea, Russian coast,
and East China Sea.
Two Cat 4s and a Cat 5.
JAKE:
Copy that.
Get back to the dome.
We're gonna need
all the help we can get.
[urgent chatter]
You girls okay?
-Yes, ma'am!
[groans loudly]
All right, what do we got?
The reports are
still coming in,
but drones took out Jaegers and
Shatterdomes across the Rim.
All right. How many Jaegers
do we have here?
Operational?
Gipsy Avenger, barely.
-That's it? -Yeah.
-Okay. We need more Jaegers
up and running or this is
gonna be a short fight.
Even if we can,
all of our other pilots
are either dead
or severely injured.
Okay, okay,
one disaster at a time.
Let's just focus
on those Jaegers.
Smallie, come over here.
I need you to help Jules
with the repairs.
-Can you do that?
-I thought I was kicked out.
I'm kicking you back in.
She's pretty good
at turning junk into Jaegers.
You good with that?
-Hell yeah. -Right,
we got a lot of work to do
and not a lot of time.
We got incoming!
[aircraft approaching]
♪
I brought some help!
Hakuja, Shrikethorn,
and the big fella, Raijin.
I took the liberty of
assigning the designations.
Well, the spiky guy
and the big idiot
are moving away from the cities
and towards the ocean.
-What does that mean?
-Maybe they're trying
to link up with Hakuja
in the East China Sea.
Yeah, I bet Newt would know
what they're up to,
if we can get it out of him.
Yeah, we'd have
to find him first.
Any Jaegers closer
to those Kaiju than us?
What was left of the Chin-do
and the Sakhalinsk domes
tried to intercept--
emphasis on "tried."
I'm afraid we're on our own.
There's got to be
something here.
Something in
the East China Sea.
Maybe that's not
where they're headed.
Pull up a map of
Kaiju movement from the war.
Pushing data to main display.
What, do you know
something we don't?
You said we need to understand
our enemy's objective
to know we've beaten them.
What if the Kaiju
weren't blindly attacking
our cities during the war?
What if we were
just in their way?
[beeping]
Well, right here.
Mount Fuji, Japan.
Extrapolate for Hakuja,
Shrikethorn and Raijin.
Mount Fuji? But why?
-Rare earth elements.
-Huh?
Mount Fuji is a volcano
rich in rare earth elements.
Kaiju blood reacts
extremely violently
with rare earth elements
is the basis of
my fuel-thruster experiments.
Excuse me.
Oh, that sounds bad.
That's bad, right?
Very. Mount Fuji's active,
a geological pressure point.
Based on the blood-to-mass
ratio of the Kaiju,
the reaction would cause
a cascade event,
igniting the Ring of Fire
around the Pacific Rim.
Billions of tons
of toxic gas and ash
will spew into the atmosphere,
wiping out all life.
And finish terraforming
the Earth for the Precursors.
We can't let 'em
reach Mount Fuji.
I'm gonna check with Jules
for Jaeger repairs.
Even if we had
a hundred Jaegers,
there's no way
to intercept in time.
-What about your thruster pods?
-GOTTLIEB: Oh, no, no, no, no.
They're not, they're not ready.
-Can they be?
-Well, in theory,
if it, um--
maybe, with-with your help.
Gottlieb, what does that mean,
"in theory"?
Today...
it means yes!
♪
FEMALE VOICE: Power partially
restored in sectors two...
Saber Athena, Guardian Bravo,
and Bracer Phoenix
are good to go.
It's not a lot to work with.
If Liwen can patch
some Fury tech into Gipsy,
that might help.
-[alarm blares]
-Okay.
-Prep everything we got
for deployment. -Okay.
Don't get yourself killed.
You either.
Well, that's confusing.
Let's just stay focused.
We got four Jaegers against
two Category 4s and a Fiver.
It's better than just Gipsy.
We still need pilots.
We have 'em.
Oh, shit.
If my dad was here, he'd
probably give you a big speech.
Make you feel invincible.
I'm not my father.
I'm not a hero like he was.
Like Raleigh Becket
and Mako Mori.
But they didn't start out
that way.
They started out as cadets,
just like you.
We remember them as giants
because they stood tall.
Because they stood together.
It doesn't matter
who your parents are,
where you came from,
who believed in you
and who didn't.
We are a family now.
And we are Earth's
last defense.
This is our time, this is our
chance to make a difference.
Now let's mount up
and get it done!
Do you understand?
ALL:
Yes, sir!
Jaeger pilots,
do you understand?!
ALL:
Yes, sir!
-Do you understand?!
-ALL: Yes, sir!
Now help me save the world.
Let's do this.
♪
-FEMALE VOICE: System online.
-Initiating neural handshake.
FEMALE VOICE:
Establishing neural link.
AMARA'S FATHER:
Amara, jump in there!
-Neural handshake
strong and steady. -So...
how does it feel
to be in a real Jaeger?
-Bigger's not bad.
-LAMBERT: All right,
all Jaegers sound off.
Go-no-go for launch.
Guardian Bravo, go.
Saber Athena, go.
Bracer Phoenix,
let's go already.
Copy that.
Command, we are go for launch.
Roger, Gipsy Avenger.
Ignition in ten seconds.
Nine,
[over speakers]:
eight,
seven, six,
five, four,
three, two,
one.
Ignition!
♪
[alarm blaring]
FEMALE VOICE:
Warning.
Exceeding structural limits.
[alarm blaring]
♪ Tro-lo-lo-lo-lo,
lo-lo-lo, lo-lo-lo... ♪
What the hell?
My grandmother used
to play it for me.
-Keeps me calm.
-What about me?
Not calm, man, not calm.
♪ Lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo,
lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo, lo ♪
♪ Oh...
[all cheering]
I knew it would work.
[screaming]
[roaring]
[screams]
[woman shouting in Japanese]
[roars]
[man shouting in Japanese]
[screaming]
[roars]
[glass shatters]
[man shouts]
-[screaming]
-[roaring]
[roaring]
[roars]
Gipsy to Command.
Targets acquired.
GOTTLIEB:
Roger that, Gipsy.
Everyone in the city is secured
in underground shelters.
You are clear to engage.
Solid copy. Going hot.
Bracer Phoenix, on me.
We'll take Raijin.
Roger that, Gipsy.
Saber Athena, Guardian Bravo,
-you take the other two.
-Copy that.
It's our turn
to save the world.
-Let's hope so.
-LAMBERT: On my mark.
Three, two,
one, mark!
[Kaiju screams]
♪
Fire!
[roars]
[car alarm blaring]
GOTTLIEB:
Gipsy, Raijin's faceplates
are absorbing the hits
and throwing the energy
back at you!
Let's see it absorb this.
[roaring]
How many buildings
can this thing take?!
[roars]
[shouting]
[gasps]
[shouts]
Shrikethorn inbound!
Hey, guys, we could use
a little help over here!
-Right now!
-Copy that, Saber.
Vik, take out Shrikethorn.
On it.
Saber Athena, Guardian Bravo
coming to assist!
Activating arc whip!
[shouting]
[over speakers]:
Yeah, that's right!
You better run!
These things ain't that tough.
Bracer Phoenix, watch your six!
Hostile inbound!
VIK:
Copy that!
[Kaiju growls]
Yeah!
Whoo!
[roaring]
Okay, we're going
with giant robots again.
All right, real original, guys.
I'm not impressed.
I am not impressed.
[alarm blaring]
[snarling]
We've got movement!
Multiple hostiles,
three kilometers southeast.
Liwen!
Are you reading this?
That's one of my automated
factories.
It was Newt.
He's in Tokyo.
Locating his position.
Hostiles, one klick away
and closing fast!
All Jaegers, brace for contact.
Disengage and brace
for contact!
[screeching]
[panting]:
All right.
Let's go, all right.
Go, go, go, go!
Go, baby, go, baby!
Where they going?
[metallic chittering]
[roars]
♪
Well, he's pretty big.
[exhales]
[roars]
[car alarm blaring]
All Jaegers, advance
and fire everything you've got
on my command!
Go!
[whooshes]
[shouts]
Guardian, stand down!
We've got this!
JAKE:
Negative!
That's an order!
You freaking teenagers.
Go for the eyes!
-Which ones?
-All of them.
[electricity crackling]
[yelling]
[Newt laughs]
[grunts]
[roaring]
[groans]
Ilya, Suresh, report.
Do you copy?
Come on, guys, sound off!
LAMBERT: Guardian Bravo,
give me a sitrep.
You guys okay?
Guardian's down.
[panting]:
I'm pinned in the Conn-Pod.
Suresh.
[sizzling]
Suresh didn't make it, sir.
Copy, Guardian.
You just stay put,
and we'll send you help
as soon as we can.
[grunting]
Bracer Phoenix, report.
[alarm beeping]
LAMBERT:
You guys okay?
We're a little banged up,
but we're still in the fight.
RENATA:
Us, too, Saber.
I mean, Saber Athena, sir!
JAKE:
Saber, Bracer,
prepare to intercept
at the following coordinates.
-Let's finish this.
-Move your ass,
-and don't be late.
-Copy.
Bracer Phoenix hauling ass!
Gipsy to Command, do you have
a tactical scan of the hostile?
Assessing data
from their sensors.
We have it, Gipsy,
but it's still compiling.
JAKE: No time.
Can you locate the brains?
Hostile's central brain mass
is heavily armored.
Your weapons
won't be able to penetrate.
What about a secondary brain?
This son of a bitch
have one of those?
Hostile has
three secondary brains,
one for each component Kaiju.
Sending intel.
-[beeping] -Package confirmed
for Saber Athena!
-Confirmed for Bracer Phoenix.
-[alarm beeping]
All right, team,
follow my lead and stay alert!
Fire up some of that Fury tech
Liwen grabbed us?
Read my mind, partner.
[roaring]
[Kaiju squeals]
-Yeah!
-[cheering]
-[Kaiju roars]
-[Renata and Ryoichi scream]
[roars]
[screaming]
[growling]
-AMARA: Eject!
-Damage detected.
Eject! Eject!
-All pilots, eject!
-[alarm beeping]
[roaring]
[alarm beeping]
[panting]
[roaring]
[Kaiju roaring]
Amara!
[roaring]
-AUTOMATED VOICE: Warning.
-[coughing]
Neural load exceeding limit.
-Hey!
-Warning.
-Neural load exceeding limit.
-Nate! Nate!
[over radio]:
Stay with me! Stay with me!
-Get up! Nate!
-[Lambert coughing]
Pilot down!
[laughs] Get up from that,
you pile of junk!
[Kaiju growling]
Bye!
Liwen! Is there anything
you can do to help?
-I need more time!
-We don't have any!
-If the hostile reaches Mount
Fuji... -JAKE: Understood.
Not gonna let that happen.
[grunts]
-[yelling]
-[electrical whirring]
Jake, you can't operate
Gipsy without a copilot!
-The strain will tear
your mind apart! -[groaning]
[rumbling]
What do we do now?
Regroup with the others.
Amara!
-[yelling]
-AMARA: Gipsy Avenger,
this is Amara Namani!
-Stand by for assist.
-Amara, don't.
-You won't make it.
-I'm gonna!
-Don't! Don't!
-[Amara shouts]
[panting]
I told you.
[panting]:
Since when do I listen?
Amara, you're up.
What are you doing?
Getting the hell
out of your way.
You got this, brother.
-[beeping]
-[Lambert groans]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Ejection sequence initiated.
-[pod launches]
-Ejection sequence successful.
-You ready for this, smallie?
-One way to find out.
Okay.
Stand by, Command.
Initiating neural handshake.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Establishing neural link.
Come on.
[buzzing, whirring loudly]
Yeah, that was supposed
to be epic, but it wasn't.
-Definitely not.
-AUTOMATED VOICE: Warning.
Cascade failure.
Multiple systems offline.
-Reboot!
-Okay, okay, I'm on it.
Command to Gipsy.
Hostile is...
two kilometers from the summit
of Mount Fuji and closing fast!
[birds chirping]
[roaring]
Gottlieb, do you have enough
fuel left in your thrusters
-to launch us into the
atmosphere? -The atmosphere?
-Yeah.
-Possibly, but there won't be
-enough to slow your reentry.
-We don't need to slow down.
We're gonna drop Gipsy
right on top of that thing.
I just ejected my escape pod.
Yeah. We'll have to use mine.
Jake, there's only one thruster
with enough fuel remaining.
-Sending location.
-All right, checking.
We're too far away.
We're not gonna make it.
LIWEN: Gipsy Avenger!
Transport inbound!
Remote systems are online.
Sending help!
Scrapper!
[thumping steadily]
-LIWEN: I've located
the thruster pod! -[beeping]
Stand by!
[grunts]
JAKE: Come on, come on!
Move them little legs!
AMARA:
The thruster's way too strong.
There's no way
we can hold on to it!
JAKE:
Liwen, what do you got?
I can weld it to your hand.
I upgraded Scrapper's weapons.
Nice. I was actually
gonna do that.
-No, you wasn't.
-Yes, I was.
We only got one shot at this.
Yeah! Then let's make it count.
[Amara shouting]
-I'm stuck!
-Stay there!
You're an extra ton
we can drop on that thing!
[shouts, pants]
[Amara yells]
[both shouting]
-She's coming apart!
-Almost there!
[thruster sputtering]
[thruster powering down]
[yells]
[alarm beeping]
[Jake grunts]
-We're drifting off course!
-Use the plasma cannon!
Disengaging safety protocol!
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Plasma cannon engaged.
Warning.
Exceeding structural limits.
-It's working!
-Structural failure.
Hold on!
-Come on! Come on!
-[beeping]
Target locked!
Jake, Amara, you need to eject!
-[Amara grunts]
-Disconnect!
Amara, disconnect!
I will catch you!
I promise!
Come on!
-[alarm beeps]
-[Amara grunts]
I've got you.
Gipsy to Command, we're getting
the hell out of here!
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Escape pod failure.
No. No, no, no!
I'm sorry, smallie.
For what?
We got to save the world.
Your dad would be proud.
-[sparks crackling]
-Ah!
-Scrapper! Ah!
Get over here! Hurry up!
Move! We have to go!
20 kilometers to impact.
Get out of there!
-[Amara grunts]
-Go! Go!
[roaring]
We're in!
Close the door!
[roaring]
-Hang on!
-I am hanging on!
Hang tighter!
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[growling]
[roaring]
[cheering]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[cheering continues]
No! No!
[grunts]
Okay, you know what?
Plan B. Always a plan B.
[grunts]
[groans]
-[radio chirps]
-Anyone who's listening,
[over P.A.]:
this is Ranger Lambert.
Be advised, we just
caught ourselves a Newt.
JAKE [chuckles]:
Copy that.
There he is.
I'm glad
you're still okay, man.
LAMBERT: You, too, brother.
I knew you could do it.
Well, I had a lot of help.
-Nice work, Ranger Namani.
-Thank you, sir.
-Never seen snow before.
-So out of all the things
to notice right now,
you're noticing snow?
Big, dead Kaiju is just,
is right there,
-and I'm not sure if...
-Okay, okay, all right.
Is this the part
where you're gonna give me
one of those
big, dumb speeches, 'cause...
Did everyone think it was dumb
or is that just your opinion...
Just be honest, how many times
did you practice that in front
-of the mirror?
-It was motivational.
-Okay. -You can be
whoever you want to be.
-[Amara shouts, laughs]
-Oh!
-Fire! -Okay.
Oh, now you want to play that?
I'm a natural at this.
-No, you're not
a natural because... -Ha!
Give me a break.
I've never done this before.
[both grunting]
There you go. Boom!
We did it!
♪
[beeping]
[electronics powering up]
You think this is over, huh?
You think you've saved
your crappy little world?
We're gonna keep coming!
We are never going to stop,
and sooner or later,
[distorted]:
your luck is going to run out!
Nah.
The things in your head?
The Precursors?
Tell them we're not afraid.
Tell 'em, next time,
they won't need to worry
about coming for us,
'cause we're gonna
come for them.
♪
[growling]
[heavy fluttering]
♪
[roaring]
[growling]
♪
[music fades]